Various edits following a proof read (#86)
AMWA-TV/nmos-authorization: docs/4.1. Behaviour - Authorization Servers.md

### Client Authentication

Authorization Servers MUST provide support client authentication at the token and revocation endpoints using the
following methods. Additional methods MAY also be supported.
*   HTTP Basic Authentication as per Section 2 of [RFC 2617][RFC-2617], and in the manner described in Section 2.3 of
[RFC 6749][RFC-6749]. This mechanism is identified by the client registration `token_endpoint_auth_method` of
`client_secret_basic`.
*   Digitally signed JSON Web Tokens in the manner described in Section 2.2 of [RFC 7523][RFC-7523]. This mechanism is
identified by the client registration `token_endpoint_auth_method` of `private_key_jwt`.

The security considerations outlined in Section 10.1 of [RFC 6749][RFC-6749] SHOULD be abided by with regards to client
authentication.

### Client De-Registration

> Authorization Servers SHOULD support de-registration of clients in the case of a compromised client. The means by which
> this client de-registration occurs is beyond the scope of this specification.

Reviewer: _de-registration_ does not take a hyphen according to google

```suggestion
Authorization Servers SHOULD support unregistering clients in the case of a compromised client. The means by
which the client is unregistered is beyond the scope of this specification.
```

Reviewer 2: I agree that deregistration doesn't need a hyphen, but I don't agree that using unregistered is the right fix.
https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/25931/unregister-vs-deregister

Reviewer: I read that as well 🤣 I very mildly disagree, perhaps it's cultural but my tendency leans on `un-
https://english.stackexchange.com/a/25933

```suggestion
Authorization Servers SHOULD support deregistering clients in the case of a compromised client. The means by
which the client is deregistered is beyond the scope of this specification.
```

Author: I've removed the hyphen for now, but happy to adjust further if desired.
